Add a license compatibility statement (#75)
precice/calculix-adapter: README.md

[1] Lucia Cheung Yau. Conjugate heat transfer with the multiphysics coupling library precice. Master’s thesis, Department of Informatics, Technical University of Munich, 2016.

[2] Benjamin Uekermann, Hans-Joachim Bungartz, Lucia Cheung Yau, Gerasimos Chourdakis and Alexander Rusch. Official preCICE Adapters for Standard Open-Source Solvers. In Proceedings of the _7th GACM Colloquium on Computational Mechanics for Young Scientists from Academia_, 2017. 

> ## License compatibility
> 
> The calculix-adapter is licensed under the [GPLv3](./LICENSE).
> This is compatible with the GPLv2 License Calculix due to following statement:
> 
> From the official [license published on dhondt.de](http://www.dhondt.de/gpl-2.0.txt)
> 
> >    This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
> >    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
> >    the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
> >    (at your option) any later version.

Reviewer: > I would definitely add it somewhere prominent as GPLv2 and GPLv3 are incompatible. It just happens to be possible due to a changed statement in the file.

I think this statement is not so uncommon and there is no problem at the moment. Now that we are happy, the only other stakeholders that could complain would be CalculiX (that already defined the license) or a third-party lawyer (who would immediately see the statement).

I am not against this change, I would just like the `README.md` to be short and useful. We could modify this to add more value, clarifying the two licenses of the repository. For example:

```suggestion
## License

This project contains modified CalculiX files (licensed under [GPLv2 or later](http://www.dhondt.de/gpl-2.0.txt)) and additional adapter-specific files ([GPLv3](./LICENSE)). As a whole, this project is licensed under GPLv3.
```

Reviewer: @boris-martin @fsimonis any comments on this?

Reviewer 2: That's much shorter, I like it.
